SEO: reword introduction paragraph into descriptions - Part 2 (#416)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/advanced/performance/cache-control-and-cdn.md

In Front-Commerce we have implemented a mechanism where you can easily set up the `cache-control` headers for different parts of your site. You can also provide a custom implementation of the `cache-control` if needed (e.g. products with old last modified have longer caching duration).

> Implement a totally custom, fine-grained caching strategy is a matter of compromises: freshness of data vs performance. It is **NOT** something that Front-Commerce can do by default because every context is important. We recommend that you spend time understanding this Front-Commerce feature and update your application accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implementing a totally custom, fine-grained caching strategy is a matter of compromise: the freshness of data vs performance. It is **NOT** something that Front-Commerce can do by default because every context is important. We recommend that you spend time understanding this Front-Commerce feature and update your application accordingly.
```
